fix: set password encryption default to scram-sha-256 (#2962)
zalando/postgres-operator: docs/user.md

## Password encryption

Passwords are encrypted using the `scram-sha-256` hashing method by default. However, it is possible to use the `md5` method by changing the `password_encryption` parameter in the PostgreSQL configuration.

> **Note:** `md5` authentication is deprecated in PostgreSQL.

> You can also define this parameter directly in the cluster manifest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Passwords are encrypted using the `scram-sha-256` hashing method by default. Other methods can be configured by changing the `password_encryption` parameter in the cluster manifest:
```
